[DBACLD-166339] Update README for Persistence Configuration (#110)
IBM/bamoe: examples/process-persistence/README.md

This is the configuration for Postgresql
```
%postgresql.quarkus.datasource.db-kind=postgresql
```

The Postgresql database runs as a container. So make sure to install docker before running this example.

### MS SQL Server

This is the maven profile for MS SQL Server
```
<profile>
    <id>mssql</id>
    <properties>
        <quarkus.profile>mssql</quarkus.profile>
    </properties>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
            <artifactId>quarkus-jdbc-mssql</artifactId>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.ibm.bamoe</groupId>
            <artifactId>bamoe-mssql-mappings</artifactId>
            <version>${version.com.ibm.bamoe}</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</profile>
```
The dependencies needed are mssql jdbc driver and `bamoe-mssql-mappings`.

This is the configuration for MS SQL Server
```
%mssql.quarkus.datasource.db-kind=mssql
%mssql.quarkus.hibernate-orm.mapping-files=META-INF/bamoe-data-index-orm.xml,META-INF/bamoe-job-service-orm.xml
```

The `bamoe-mssql-mappings` library provides mapping files required by hibernate. You could take a look at the library 

> [here](../../runtime-libraries/bamoe-database-support/bamoe-mssql-mappings/). This library is used in combination 

Reviewer: @josedee I'd change this part a bit. Since this example will be delivered in a zip this link will be out of context. I think that this part should explain which are the mapping files, when should be used and the config property. Maybe you can copy that from the mappings README.md

with `quarkus.hibernate-orm.mapping-files=META-INF/bamoe-data-index-orm.xml,META-INF/bamoe-job-service-orm.xml`
property which enables the example to use the mentioned orm XML files to configure the entity mapping.

> The mssql database runs as a container. So make sure to install docker before running this example. In order to use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the example in Dev mode, Quarkus will stat a  `MS SQL Server` database container as a part of the Dev Services.. So make sure to install docker before running this example. In order to use 
```
